fix: destructuring issue fixed (#51345)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/accessing-nested-objects.md

assert(gloveBoxContents === 'maps');
```

Your code should use dot notation, where possible, to access `myStorage`.

```js
assert.match(code, /myStorage\.car\.inside/);
```

`gloveBoxContents` should still be declared with `const`.

```js

> assert.match(code, /const\s+gloveBoxContents\s*=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside\[\s*("|')glove box\1\s*\]|const\s*{\s*'glove box':\s*gloveBoxContents\s*}\s*=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside;/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /const\s+gloveBoxContents\s*=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside\[\s*("|')glove box\1\s*\]|const\s*{\s*('|")glove box\2:\s*gloveBoxContents\s*}\s*=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside;/);
```

One last nitpick - should allow double quotes here too

Author: done

assert(gloveBoxContents === 'maps');
```

Your code should use dot notation, where possible, to access `myStorage`.

```js

> 
> assert.match(code, /myStorage\.car\.inside/);
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
assert.match(code, /myStorage\.car\.inside/);
```
````

Author: done

`gloveBoxContents` should still be declared with `const`.

```js

> assert.match(code, /const\s+gloveBoxContents\s*=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside\[\s*("|')glove box\1\s*\]|const\s*{\s*'glove box':\s*gloveBoxContents\s*}\s*=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside;/);
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
assert.match(code, /const\s+gloveBoxContents\s*=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside\[\s*("|')glove box\1\s*\]|const\s*{\s*'glove box':\s*gloveBoxContents\s*}\s*=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside;/);
```
````

Author: done

> Your code should use dot and bracket notation to access `myStorage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your code should use dot notation, where possible, to access `myStorage`.
```

Reflects the change to the test

Author: done

```js

> assert(/=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside\[\s*("|')glove box\1\s*\]|const\s*{\s*'glove box':\s*gloveBoxContents\s*}\s*=\s*myStorage\.car\.inside;/g.test(code));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /myStorage\.car\.inside);
```

- Use the proper assert API
- Since we don't really care if they do `["glove box"]` or use destructuring, we might as well only test the property chain access.

Author: done
